Add EIP-5437: Interface for Security Contact (#5437)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5437.md

    /// OPTIONAL
    event OnSecurityNotification(uint8 type, bytes memory sourceData, uint256 value);

    /// OPTIONAL
    // TODO consider to make it a separate EIP
    function bountyPolicy(uint256 id) public view returns(string, bytes memory extraData);
}
```

1. Compliant interfaces MUST implement the `getSecurityContact` method.

`type` is a one byte data with valid range of `[0x10, 0x7f]`. The ranges of `[0x00, 0x0f]` and `[0x80, 0xff]` are reserved for future extension.

The `type` indicates the format of the `publicKey` and `extraData` in the following way

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Type | Encryption scheme                   | extraData                                       |
-------|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------
| 0x10 | GnuPG - RSA/3072                    | Email address(es) encoded in format of RFC 2822 |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A new version of this table can be proposed by future EIPs by specifying a new `type` number.

> 2. The `publicKey` returned from `getSecurityContact` MUST follow the encryption scheme specified
> in the table above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The `publicKey` returned from `getSecurityContact` MUST follow the encryption scheme specified in the table above.
```
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=O6Bf
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

3. IF `setSecurityContact` is implemented and a call to it has succeeded in setting a new security contact, an event `SecurityContactChanged` MUST be emitted with the identical passed-in-parameters of `setSecurityContact`

> 4. It's also RECOMMENDED that an on-chain security notify method `securityNotify`
> to implemented to receive security notice onchain. If it's implemented and a call
> has succeeded, it MUST emit an `OnSecurityNotification` with identical pass-in-parameter data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. It's also RECOMMENDED that an on-chain security notify method `securityNotify` to implemented to receive security notice onchain. If it's implemented and a call has succeeded, it MUST emit an `OnSecurityNotification` with identical pass-in-parameter data.
```

5. Compliant interfaces MUST implement [EIP-165](./eip-165.md).
<!-- TODO: add EIP-165 interfaces. -->
<!-- TODO also consider requiring/recommending implementing EIP-5629 ERC-interface detection. -->

> 6. It's recommended to set a bounty policy via `bountyPolicy` method. The `id = 0` is preserved for a full overview, while other digits are used for different individual bounty policies. The returned
> string will be URI to content of bounty policies.
> No particular format of bounty policy is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. It's recommended to set a bounty policy via `bountyPolicy` method. The `id = 0` is preserved for a full overview, while other digits are used for different individual bounty policies. The returned string will be URI to content of bounty policies. No particular format of bounty policy is specified.
```

    function setSecurityContact(
        uint8 type,
        bytes memory publicKey,
        bytes memory extraData) public;
    event SecurityContactChanged(uint8 type, bytes memory publicKeyForEncryption, bytes memory extraData);

    /// OPTIONAL
    function securityNotify(uint8 type, bytes memory data) public payable;
    /// OPTIONAL
    event OnSecurityNotification(uint8 type, bytes memory sourceData, uint256 value);

    /// OPTIONAL
    // TODO consider to make it a separate EIP
    function bountyPolicy(uint256 id) public view returns(string, bytes memory extraData);
}
```

1. Complying interface MUST implement the method of `getSecurityContact`.

The `type` is a one byte data with valid range of `[0x10, 0x7f]`. The ranges of `[0x00, 0x0f]` and `[0x80, 0xff]` are preserved for future extension.

The `type` indicates the format of the `publicKey` and `extraData` in the following way

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Type | Encryption scheme                   | extraData                                       |
-------|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------

> | 0x10 | GnuPG - RSA/3072                    | Email address(es) encoded in format of RFC 2822 |

Author: Technical answer: While I appreciate your suggestion: yes we are still considering using EC-based algorithm but not determine yet.

I feel this is not editorial comment and shall not block merge of the file.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> This table can be extended by future EIPs.

Reviewer: My previous comment needs fixing.

> This table can be extended by future EIPs.

Author: Let me reword

> This table can be extended by future EIPs.

Author: DONE

2. The `publicKey` returned from `getSecurityContact` MUST follow the encryption scheme specified
in the table above.

An example of `publicKey` using `RSA/3072` (TODO: decide whether to use secp256k1 instead)
generated via GnuPG

> in a bytes which is ASCII(as in RFC 20) encoding of the public key string. Such as

Reviewer: My previous comment needs fixing here too.

> in a bytes which is ASCII(as in RFC 20) encoding of the public key string. Such as

Author: I incline to keep it as is: 

secp256k1 is being considered but not rule out RSA/3072 for it's the default of OpenGPG. I don't think an technical but non-editorial comment shall block merging a DRAFT
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=O6Bf
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

3. IF `setSecurityContact` is implemented and a call to it has succeeded in setting a new security
contact, an event `SecurityContactChanged` MUST be emitted

> with the identical passed-in-parameters of `setSecurityContact`

Reviewer: My previous comment needs fixing here too.

4. It's also RECOMMENDED that an on-chain security notify method `securityNotify`
to implemented to receive security notice onchain. If it's implemented and a call

> has succeeded, it MUST emit an `OnSecurityNotification` with identical pass-in-parameter data.

Author: I hold a different opinion in this. This is the last way of emergency notification or notification to DAO that doesn't have a centralized authority but still need to be notified.

> 5. Compliant interface MUST implement [EIP-165](./eip-165.md).

Reviewer: My previous comment needs fixing here too.

<!-- TODO: add EIP-165 interfaces. -->

> <!-- TODO also consider requiring/recommending implementing EIP-5629 ERC-interface detection. -->

Author: Let's leave it a TODO

6. It's recommended to set a bounty policy via `bountyPolicy` method. The `id = 0` is preserved for a full overview, while other digits are used for different individual bounty policies. The returned
string will be URI to content of bounty policies.

> No particular format of bounty policy is specified.

Reviewer: My previous comment needs fixing here too.

> No particular format of bounty policy is specified.

Author: Thank you for this suggestion but I don't prefer this markdown style change. We don't have a particular flavor of markdown style.

## Rationale
1. For simplicity we specify a simple GPG scheme with a given encryption scheme and assume email
addresses to contact. It's possible in the future EIPs will introduce flexibility of specifying
encyrption scheme or delivery methods.

2. We choose to also include optional method `setSecurityContact` to set security contact,
anticipating it might change such as due to expiration of encryption keys or change of
security contact. It's RECOMMENDED to implement such method.

3. We choose to explicitly make `securityNotify` as `payable` which allow implementers to
set a bar of ethers to be pay/staked when reporting a security issue. It is RECOMMENDED for
a bounty policy.

4. We intentionally add some additional information for future expandability.
e.g. for `bountyPolicy` the `extraData` returned COULD potentially be used
as the [EIP-5247](./eip-5247.md) bytecodes to specify a smart contract execution proposal.
To stay less opinionated we leave this to the implementers. Future EIPs.
are welcomed to extend specifying these.

## Backwards Compatibility

> Currently, existing solutions such as OpenZeppelin use PlainText in source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, existing solutions such as OpenZeppelin use plaintext in source code
```
PlainText™ is a registered trademark of the NonExistent corporation. Used without permission for laughs.

(/j obviously)

```solidity
/// @custom:security-contact some-user@some-domain.com
```

> It's recommend that new version of smart contract to also adopt this EIP in-addition to
> this `@custom:security-contact` approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommend that new versions of smart contracts adopt this EIP in addition to the legacy `@custom:security-contact` approach.
```

## Security Considerations

> Implementors should properly follow security practice required for the asymmetric schema
> to ensure a secured communication channel to be established when in need, such practices including but
> not limit too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementors should properly follow security practices required by the encryption scheme to ensure the security of the chosen communication channel. Some best practices are as follows:
```

1. Keep security contact information up-to-date;
2. Rotate encryption keys in the period recommended by best practice;

> 3. Regularly monitor the incoming notification via the security contact information
> such as email inbox to ensure receiving the notice in a timely manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Regularly monitor the channel to receive notices in a timely manner.
```

    function bountyPolicy(uint256 id) public view returns(string, bytes memory extraData);
}
```

1. Complying interface MUST implement the method of `getSecurityContact`.

The `type` is a one byte data with valid range of `[0x10, 0x7f]`. The ranges of `[0x00, 0x0f]` and `[0x80, 0xff]` are preserved for future extension.

The `type` indicates the format of the `publicKey` and `extraData` in the following way

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Type | Encryption scheme                   | extraData                                       |
-------|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------
| 0x10 | GnuPG - RSA/3072                    | Email address(es) encoded in format of RFC 2822 |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This table can be extended by future EIPs.

2. The `publicKey` returned from `getSecurityContact` MUST follow the encryption scheme specified
in the table above.

An example of `publicKey` using `RSA/3072` (TODO: decide whether to use secp256k1 instead)
generated via GnuPG

> <!-- TODO add proper link to open standard for GPG -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

No external links.

in the table above.

An example of `publicKey` using `RSA/3072` (TODO: decide whether to use secp256k1 instead)
generated via GnuPG
<!-- TODO waiting link to be allowed

> https://gnupg.org/ -->

Reviewer: This link will not be allowed

Author: Updated to "add proper link to openstandard"
